Add walkthrough video on how to implement google oAuth in GraphQL API written in Rust (#5162)
rust-lang/this-week-in-rust: draft/2024-02-14-this-week-in-rust.md

### Rust Walkthroughs

> - [video] [Google Oauth with GraphQL API written in Rust](https://youtu.be/34ybD8Bgr7Q?si=4i_5MaKpB9A-vkbj) - part 1. Registration mutation.

Reviewer: Fix formatting and YT link
```suggestion
* [video] [Google Oauth with GraphQL API written in Rust](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34ybD8Bgr7Q) - part 1. Registration mutation.
```
